2022-03 - Current		Credit Assistance Specialist
Outreach to delinquent or high-risk customers to secure payment and determine reason for delinquency on active or inactive credit card accounts
olve complex billing problems and inquiries, and negotiate complex payment programs or arrangements while staying within collections compliance guidelines
Demonstrate empathy for the client’s situation using ethical behavior that is consistent with the bank’s code of conduct
2019-03 - Current	 	Landscaper
K&S Lawn Service, Middletown, DE
Planted bulbs, trees, bushes and flowers for residential and commercial clients. 
Applied weed and pest control chemicals to lawns, protecting grass growth and improving appearance. 
Operated landscaping equipment with focus on safety and machine longevity. 
2017-03 - 2019-11	 	Lawn Care Technician
TruGreen, Wilmington, DE
Mixed and sprayed fertilizers, herbicides and insecticides onto shrubs, trees and grass. 
Maintained routine landscaping schedules to boost lawn health. 
Applied pest control substances to eradicate weeds and other pests affecting plant life. 
Developed lasting customer relationships and grew network over time. 
2015-05 - 2016-08	 	Receiving Clerk
Agilent Technologies, Wilmington, DE
Unloaded pallets and deliveries and organized products in warehouse. 
Double-checked cargo inventories and documentation for accuracy. 
Maintained accurate computer records of materials weights, bill amounts and identified variances. 
Organized storage areas to optimize materials movements and minimize labor hours. 
Regularly reviewed invoices and double-checked orders. 
2014-03 - 2015-05	 	Customer Service Associate
Walgreens, Middletown, DE
Developed and actualized customer service initiatives to decrease wait times. 
Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns. 
Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers. 
Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction. 
2012-05 - 2014-04	 	Cook
Mid-County Lanes, Middletown, DE
Created identical dishes numerous times daily with consistent care, attention to detail and quality. 
Managed kitchen staff, supervised preparation of foods ,and explained steps for readying specialty items. 
Prepared multiple orders simultaneously during peak periods with high accuracy rate, maximizing customer satisfaction and repeat business. 
Took food orders from cashiers and cooked items quickly to complete order items together and serve hot. 
 
Education
 
2021-03 - Current	 	No Degree: Computer And Information Systems Security
Wilmington University - New Castle, DE
Relevant Coursework Completed: Computer Applications & Introduction to Critical Thinking 
2010-08 - 2014-05	 	High School Diploma 
Middletown High School - Middletown, DE
Professional development completed in JROTC 
 
Certifications
 
2016-07	 	Forklift Operation/Safety Certification 

